Hi Fellow sentimental UO worshippers.

We are a bunch of guys that began our UO journey when we where just in high school , we began at a pure RP free shard , the funny thing was that we are Swedish and we didnt know to speak any German. but we began at a German shard that was named Schattenwelt. 

It was a Hard beginning but our experience in later years told us that it was the best experience we had. 

Testing other shards we had an experience that the familiarity and the fellowship wasnt the same as the OLD rp shard we began our Journey from .  Alot of these was fine scripted but they didnt have the soul that we wanted.

Thus we wanted to create the old feeling we had when we began and borrowed alot of ideas for the new server that we are beginning to shape in the image of our OLD Schattenwelt Shard.

What do we want to acheive?


Roleplaying , alot more player interactions in either PVP or PVM

” ex: if a player wanted to do PVP they had to have an good story about why like my char wanted to steal another players money to go and buy booze ”

Hard skillgain that earned the Respect of others of a GM
” a GM skill didnt take 1 day of power gaming but maybe 4 weeks legit play ”

Hard skillgain but not peanalizing
”if a player was new with only 50 in 2 skills then he would still be able to do go monster hunting by his own for some low-mid monster kills”
 
the best gear in the game should be craftable
”no relics or lootable supergear” 

Crafters had alot of power and iron ingots had a value 
” a warrior had to buy a better equipment and thus had to spend alot of loot to pay an GM blacksmith to craft a good armour that wasnt overpowered but still alot better than other armour ” 

Mages wasnt to good or to bad . 
” a mage had 4 stages in his career and started as a seeker before he came a novice and the maybe if the studied hard he could become an Mage or even  an Arch Mage , this was achieved by going to a GM controlled school” 



Skillcap. Dont we all hate it ? 
” skillcap at 700 wont be there but it will be restricted by classes not skillcap , ex every class will have an induvidual skillcap rp wise ”

we will have 4 different base classes that everyone that is beginning can choose.

Warrior
Crafter
Archer
Seeker

after this they can advance if they want to.

Why do we write on this forum you ask ? 



We have 2 novice shard scripters but we would appreciete any help we can get either you are a good scripter or if this is a kind of shard you would like to help to explore as a player, tho the later might take some time before you can try ;-)


The server is physicaly owned by 1 of the owners of "Shadow Realm" and the host is located in Sweden with a connection of 100/100mbit Fiber connection

server specifications:
CPU: Intel Xeon E3-1231V3 3,4GHz Quad Core
MB: ASUS P9D WS - ATX / C226
RAM: 4x KINGSTON HP 8GB DDR3 1600MHz ECC
HDD: 2x Kingston 120GB V300 SATA3
OS: Windows Server 2012 R2

you can write to us either by mail 
fiveeyz@msn.com
danielwallin1988@gmail.com
hornqvist.jh@gmail.com

or Join our work in Teamspeak 
arinqe.asuscomm.com

And join the Ultima Online Channel
